README.md, before:

# Noteslify

## Your Privacy Friendly, Open Source. Alternative to Google Keep.

![Border](images/noteslifylogo.png)

**Made with ❤ By DVS Tech Labs**

A Notes Taking Web App Built With Simplicity.

Please give this repo a ⭐ it really helps us!

Visit At <a href="https://noteslify.vercel.app" target="_blank">noteslify.vercel.app</a>

Our System Statuspage is Available At <a href="https://dvstechlabs.statuspage.io" target="_blank">dvstechlabs.statuspage.io</a>

![Border](images/border.png)

## Team

The Developer Team behind Noteslify. This project wouldn't have been possible without them and our awesome contributors.

- [@devarshishimpi](https://www.github.com/devarshishimpi)
- [@khushi818](https://github.com/khushi818)
- [@abhinandanwadwa](https://github.com/abhinandanwadwa)

## Contributing

![Border](images/border.png)

Contributions are always welcome!

See `contributing.md` for ways to get started.

Please adhere to this project's `Code of Conduct`.

## Deployment

![Border](images/border.png)

Make Sure You Have MongoDB and NodeJS Installed.

### Deploying Backend

To deploy this project navigate to the backend folder and run

```bash
  cd backend
```

```bash
  npm install --legacy-peer-deps
```

```bash
  node index.js
```
### Deploying Frontend

To deploy this project navigate to the frontend folder and run

```bash
  cd frontend
```

```bash
  npm install --legacy-peer-deps
```

```bash
  npm start
```

Navigate to `http://localhost:3000/`

## Feedback

![Border](images/border.png)

If you have any feedback, please reach out to us at devarshishimpi@gmail.com

## Support

If you would like to support me, you can support on any of the below platforms.

![Border](images/border.png)
<a href="https://www.vultr.com/?ref=9043736" target="_blank"><img src="images/vultr-try.png"/></a>
<a href="https://dvsdonatebtc.netlify.app/" target="_blank"><img src="images/btc-try.png"/></a>
<a href="https://www.patreon.com/dvstech" target="_blank"><img src="images/patreon-try.png"/></a>
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/dvstech" target="_blank"><img src="images/buymeacoffee-try.png"/></a>
<a href="https://presearch.com/signup?rid=4339531" target="_blank"><img src="images/presearch-try.png"/></a>
<a href="https://railway.app?referralCode=tXRquz" target="_blank"><img src="images/railway-try.png"/></a>

Commit message:

added env config to readme

README.md, after:

# Noteslify

## Your Privacy Friendly, Open Source. Alternative to Google Keep.

![Border](images/noteslifylogo.png)

**Made with ❤ By DVS Tech Labs**

A Notes Taking Web App Built With Simplicity.

Please give this repo a ⭐ it really helps us!

Visit At <a href="https://noteslify.vercel.app" target="_blank">noteslify.vercel.app</a>

Our System Statuspage is Available At <a href="https://dvstechlabs.statuspage.io" target="_blank">dvstechlabs.statuspage.io</a>

![Border](images/border.png)

## Team

The Developer Team behind Noteslify. This project wouldn't have been possible without them and our awesome contributors.

- [@devarshishimpi](https://www.github.com/devarshishimpi)
- [@khushi818](https://github.com/khushi818)
- [@abhinandanwadwa](https://github.com/abhinandanwadwa)

## Contributing

![Border](images/border.png)

Contributions are always welcome!

See `contributing.md` for ways to get started.

Please adhere to this project's `Code of Conduct`.

## Deployment

![Border](images/border.png)

Make Sure You Have MongoDB and NodeJS Installed.

### Deploying Backend

To deploy this project navigate to the backend folder and run

```bash
  cd backend
```

```bash
  npm install --legacy-peer-deps
```

```bash
  node index.js
```

Create a `.env` file in the backend folder and add the following

```bash
JWT_SECRET = "RANDOMSTRINGMUSTNOTCHANGE"
clientId = "GITHUBAUTHCLIENTID"
clientSecret = "GITHUBAUTHCLIENTSECRET"
GoogleClientId = "GOOGLEAUTHCLIENTID"
GoogleClientSecret = "GOOGLEAUTHCLIENTSECRET"
SECRET = "RANDOMSTRINGMUSTNOTCHANGE"
DefaultGitHubPassword = "RANDOMSTRINGMUSTNOTCHANGE"
outlookEmail = "OUTLOOKEMAIL"
outlookPassword = "OUTLOOKPASSWORD"
```

#### Note : Outlook Email and Password are used for sending Forgot Password emails to users. Github And Google Auth is currently being added to the project therefore they are required as well.

### Deploying Frontend

To deploy this project navigate to the frontend folder and run

```bash
  cd frontend
```

```bash
  npm install --legacy-peer-deps
```

```bash
  npm start
```

Navigate to `http://localhost:3000/`

## Feedback

![Border](images/border.png)

If you have any feedback, please reach out to us at devarshishimpi@gmail.com

## Support

If you would like to support me, you can support on any of the below platforms.

![Border](images/border.png)
<a href="https://www.vultr.com/?ref=9043736" target="_blank"><img src="images/vultr-try.png"/></a>
<a href="https://dvsdonatebtc.netlify.app/" target="_blank"><img src="images/btc-try.png"/></a>
<a href="https://www.patreon.com/dvstech" target="_blank"><img src="images/patreon-try.png"/></a>
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/dvstech" target="_blank"><img src="images/buymeacoffee-try.png"/></a>
<a href="https://presearch.com/signup?rid=4339531" target="_blank"><img src="images/presearch-try.png"/></a>
<a href="https://railway.app?referralCode=tXRquz" target="_blank"><img src="images/railway-try.png"/></a>
